Python log (#225)
configcat/docs: website/docs/sdk-reference/python.md

## Logging

The _ConfigCat SDK_ uses Python's built-in <a href="https://docs.python.org/3/library/logging.html" target="_blank">logging library</a>. 

> With `logging.basicConfig()` method you can configure the logging system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With the `logging.basicConfig()` method, you can set up the logging system.
```

> The folowing example shows how to configure the default root logger to writes logs to the standard output with `INFO` log level.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example shows how to set the default root logger to write logs to the standard output with `INFO` log level.
```
